1. the full folder path and file names should remain in the desktop, perhaps as table columns.
table columns: path, file name, vid/photo, len, tags, ingestion date, status
might want to consider path hiearchy.

2. direct edit any entry in the table
3. does not seem to work. what about manual linking
4. no square box associating person with the box. 
5. where: should show city, state, and country (if different than the current country)
6. where: restaurant. should also show city, state.
7. when add from folder is used to add items, should automatically run client pre-pass, upload for analysis, done, and analyze for all items. the user should not have to explicitly initiate these tasks
8. The number of lines per-page: needs to be a setting 
9. include user first name, last name from clerk
10. add tagging of videos. add settings about sample duration.
11. after removing an item, everything collapses
12. faces vs face crops
13. faces from the same folder, they are more likely to be assigned to persons from the same folder as well.
14. all text displayed must be selectable
15. use google as an auth provider. add other providers as well
16. On the faces page, In the folder dropdown, it might be a good idea to separate out folders that have been fully processed from other folders. perhaps more than a simple dropdown?
17. Google consent page shows Clerk wants access to the google account. look at it later. somehow it has to do with google cloud console to create/configure oath client + consent screen with app name. 

18. If several faces are already grouped, because they are alike, there should be a box around them so that actions can be applied to the group, for example making a new person from the group, drag the group between trays 
19. add more into settings.
20. use sliders in settings when possible.
21. Need to consider where persons, faces live. Right now they are under an account, stored in Postgress on the server.
22. If desktop is running, it prevents the shutdown on match
23. add undo/redo 
24. look at moving loose faces between trays
25.  default Auto-confirm minimum confidence (%) of 95

